[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: All right, so, we've
been talking a little bit about Ajax,
about doing some asynchronous
loading of data.
We did that just now to meetup API.
We're gonna do an exercise,
this is going to be difficult.
Right, like I'm essentially throwing
you to the wolves here, sink or
swim shit right here, okay.
So first of all let's open this
Reddit API call right here.
So first of all you can
look a little bit here.
So we're doing a search on aw,
if you're not familiar with Reddit,
aw is where they put
all the cute pictures.
It's the cute picture part of Reddit and
we're all about cute pictures here, right?
Okay, and then you're seeing
a question mark, q equals.
So this is the query that we're
gonna send to Reddit, right?
So in this cases,
we're only looking for puppies.
And restrict_sr just means
look only in this subreddit,
do not look in other subreddits.
So first of all, full disclaimer,
I've chosen, I believe,
the safest subreddit on Reddit,
but it is still on Reddit.
Stuff happens on Reddit so
hopefully nothing is too bad here.
But right now all it's doing is sending
us back a bunch of results from Reddit.
Like for example let's just go ahead and
click on this thumbnail right here,
a little puppy right there.
It's really small.
But puppy hugging,
what would be some other kitty or
something like that, anyway.
So what we're gonna do here is
we're gonna take these results.
We're going to loop over them.
And we're going to display all
the thumbnails from Reddit.
It's gonna be fun, okay.
If you want to see the API documentation,
which is a good practice to get into,
I've posted those right there.
Okay, so here's the search.
We're just calling a get on the subreddit
and we're getting the JSON feed.
Something I was going to mention before,
some of you might be familiar with XML.
JSON is a replacement for
XML in my opinion superior for
placement to XML but you could
request as an XML if you wanted to.
This just shows you all
the parameters you can ask for
in this particular case we
don't really care about them.
The only one that we're
using is restrictsr,
which is just restricting it just to aw,
and not to other subreddits.
>> Speaker 2: Does JSON have any
kind of a hierarchy like XML does?
>> Brian Holt: Yes, it does.
So let's go look here for
just a sec, right?
We have cant and data, data is nested,
has inside of it nested children.
And children has inside of it nested data.
Right, so there's this nesting effect.
It's just in my opinion
much easier to visualize.
That's something that JavaScript
deals with extremely well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so here is
the CodePen that I'm going to give you.
>> Brian Holt: Go ahead and
ignore the CSS.
I just wrote a little bit of CSS for
that and
then I gave you some notes
here using comments.
So first thing you need to do is you need
to attach a button listener to here,
the click me right?
On the click you're gonna make a AJAX
request for the results of cute puppies.
It's gonna go to this URL right here.
It's probably super hard to see but
hopefully you can all open it and
look at it.
Okay, and then for each of the elements in
data.children append a new image element.
Right, two text with the source
child.data.thumbnail, okay.
I do have some hints here for you,
you're gonna need click, append and ajax.
Oops.
>> Brian Holt: You shouldn't
need to touch the HTML or
CSS, this should be purely
a JavaScript exercise.
And this data that you're looking
at here is really nested.
So, you're gonna have to kind
of get into some interesting
accessing of these properties.
So the data that concerns you is
data.children like if we go back here.
So we have data which is right here then
inside of data there's children, okay?
And then children as you
notice right here is in array.
So all of these different children
represent different results of the photos,
right?
>> Brian Holt: Inside of each child
is another data attribute and
inside of there is a thumbnail, right?
>> Brian Holt: Do we get
what we want here to happen?
Is anyone confused by the instruction?
It's hard, okay.
So, like let's just walk
by step by step here.
Just write a click
listener on the button so
something happens when
you click the button.
>> Brian Holt: That should be
something that hopefully we can do.
>> Brian Holt: Let's see, I can also
probably show you what it looks like.
So let's
>> Brian Holt: So
after you're finished with it
I'll show you what it looks like.
So you click me and
it should just like throw
up a bunch of puppy pictures like that.
>> Brian Holt: The CSS
is all taken care of, so
you just have to worry about appending
each one of those image elements.
>> Brian Holt: So again,
we'll walk through this together.
I realize that this is quite difficult.